[Draft] RFC: Patch dependencies using unidiff patchfiles (#3177)
rust-lang/rfcs: text/3177-apply-patchfiles-to-dependencies.md

> The section should return to the examples given in the previous section, and explain more fully how the detailed proposal makes those examples work.

There was initial work created in PR: 

The Cargo `[patch]` section gets information about which source to patch from the Cargo.toml inside the `path` or `git` tags. Since a patchfile can change this information, 
and do not contain this information in itself, then either the version to patch needs to be gathered from a `path` or `git` tag, but if none of those are supplied, the 
`version` tag _must_ be specified. The 'version' tag will in this RFC will not interfere with the workings of how versions were previously handled. But is suggested in 
future work. 

To maintain compatibility with how patches applied previously and to limit the scope of this RFC, the added `version` key in the `[patch]` section will only be allowed 
and required when no `path` or `git` exists.

The feature would add an extra step to the build process, right after the download of the crate from
crates.io, path or git. 

It would apply the patch from the patchfiles in the order they are defined in the patches section of

> the dependency declaration, if a patch does not apply cleanly, it would result in an compilation error
> that shows which patch that did not apply cleanly to which library. This would make sure that patchfiles are not to dangerous. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the dependency declaration, if a patch has any "fuzz" (mismatched context lines), it would result in an compilation error
that shows which patch that did not apply cleanly to which library. This would make sure that patchfiles are not to dangerous. 
```

Reviewer 2: @joshtriplett imho it should also specify other mismatches too otherwise it'd technically be legal to not fail if a patch deletes lines that don't match since they're not context lines
